# Drug Tracer

A Project built using Hyperledger Fabric v2.1. It is based on the fabcar example diven in the docs just instead of car ownership drug and meds ownership can be traced.
Network:
Consists of two organisations manufacturer and retailer and ordrerer type of single node Raft. MSP certificates are generated by ca-servers. Modelled around Fabric test-network.
Application:
Backend is developed using Fabric-SDK. Packed in as a node based REST API. The front is built using class-based react. The application has the admin and one user from the manufacturer organisation enrolled to use the application.

## Getting Started

Setting up the project consists the following steps:
1. Download and install all the fabric prerequisites and Nodejs.
2. Setup the network and deploy the chaincode.
3. Enroll the admin and user from manufacturer organisation.
4. Start the node server.
5. Start the react server

### Prerequisites

* Download and install the prequisites from the hyperledger fabric documentation.
[Hyperledger Fabric Prerequisites Link](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-2.1/prereqs.html)

* Download and install nodejs from the following Link
[Nodejs Link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)


### Network Setup and Chaincode deployment

* Clone this repo and get into the drugman folder

```
cd drugman
```

* And execute following script. (This step takes some time.)

```
sudo ./startFabric.sh
```


### Enroll admin and user

* Get into the javascript folder. Install the packages.

```
cd javascript
npm install
```

* And execute the following steps

```
node enrollAdmin.js
node registerUser.js
```

### Start the node REST server

* Execute the following step

```
node apiserver.js
```

### Start the client server

Get back to javascript folder and go to client folder, install the packages and execute the following step

```
cd ../client
npm install
npm start
```
### Backend Server starts on port 8080
### Client Server starts on port 3000